what stunts are today their respect for the
presentation of the new generation of mini cabriolet under the
sun of the Marseille creeks
this is the case of the city
the few months the minicabs riveted on a yellow background a second
generation even if it does not look at the aesthetic level it is well
yet that new models
to bring change not a team that walks after the success of the
previous generation
the mining engineers preferred to play the continuity so we find
the distinctive elements dj mini
the big formats where he is
the traditional aca to us to bend here for the cup remains of course
the air intake on the hood we will see of course increase of 5 centimeters and
will play on the always the same the main evolution at the level the
rear part the mini cabriolet
and the disappearance of the hinges
fortunately
the overall shape did not change the other change in importance compared to
the older generation of the mini cabriolet
it's the disappearance of women's rear arches very graceful security
on the first generation the maintenance they unfold
automatically in case of flipping his result is the best and
supplies
it's not a panacea yet but it's the day
here we are just the mini cabriolet and not surprise we find
the atmosphere of the year
namely namely the togo odometer in the middle of the board of
board it's my big about a technical help between gama a good position
driving in the hands but the big originality Saturday
will count ten years either side of the rev counter
which is named for the High Alps at a time that counts the time you
have gone from havoc so that's the big originality its its moment moment
masses
it's very fun this line if you want
the ubo the goal for a little
at the counter
it's nice to do its moult but storage after here in France a
little by abstaining more attention
for the rest good first project potion a relatively pleasant comfort
rather symbolic rear seats and despite the good faith of length
for the rest we will say it's still nice inside
new generation of mini cabriolet but the mini concert still sound
hood system then two systems
first of all in turn compost is 120 km to watch
in ancient times
and even possible how can the hood that 30 km rolling
it takes a little more than fifteen seconds
not a word about germany
honey cabriolet comfort version is here
it is necessary to say also at ease in the small streets of marseille for example
that it serves his purpose by getting used to this trend with the
very nice to watch but it was very pleasant to drive
thanks in particular to a very good comfort compromise and the efficiency of the
frame
please also at the level of novelties again in its version
we can stay he has the traits 6 261 days that replaces
the ol victim of censorship of the day before the exclusive license
turbocharged to the trailer only committed compressed
so there the consequence of that
it's a perfect couples mammoth with a group available on a wide range
of schemes between them this one finished 10-th ended so that's very
pleasant to drive
for the level of ecology but there is also a lot of work for
this is why the Milanese have a stop & start system which
cuts the screening engine can for example there was a big job that has
was made at the level of the rejections of these hearings down 23% kaczynski
but the couple remains it's not penalized by setting up at a
real surprise in return for 106 years of age for more consumption is
reasonable pointed out
for his ferrari to look at constant currencies it is not huge
for 7% they especially do not want to do it for me you have to get used to
more than a control and inspection of the dashboard it's very nice
and can miss
despite the slight and deeper aesthetic evolutions at the
mechanical
the mini cabriolet still retains its philosophy of knowing the pleasure of
drive this one is exacerbated to this mini cut version remains on
takes full advantage of the 175 horsepower engine but also the rigor in
level of behavior what makes the success of this car unfortunately
the critics remain the same to know the rates too lev raised since
a mini-cooper hour convertible count from 23 1450 euros if you
take the saucer reiss side drops 7950 euros at the base price and if you
take people in the dark six trains of 4200 euros so it's good striker
relatively elitist but apparently it does not hinder success
the mini since the buyers are still numerous